Cell:
Email:

Sacramento, California 95621

SALES PROFESSIONAL
Industries: Medical Device-- Copiers/Document Management-- Real Estate
Proven performer with a consistent track record in building relationships, developing new business, generating
customer loyalty, managing accounts and delivering top sales results.
Key Skills & Strengths
•
Excel in all stages of the sales process from prospecting and rapport building through closing the sale
•
Adept in creating unique approaches, work plans and goals that drive business growth
•
Aggressive and enthusiastic with recognized leadership, initiative and communication strengths
•
Well-developed listening, organizational, time, territory, project and account management skills

CAREER EXPERIENCE
July 2011-Oct. 2013
Conmed-Electrosurgery
Global medical technology company specializing in development and sale of surgical products
TERRITORY MANAGER
• Responsible for maintaining and growing current accounts, as well as consistent growth of
new business
• Working with surgeons and staff making sure devices are used correctly and delivering the
best clinical value possible. This was done by in-services, OR supervision, and CE
Courses/presentations/demonstrations.
• Working with hospital administration negotiating pricing and strategies for disposable and
capital products.
Delivered Results
• Ranked within the top 10% of national sales for new product Altrus sales in 2012-2013
• Ranked top 20% of total sales nationally, and #2 out of 8 in the Western Region
• Exceeded all quotas by a minimum of 18% each year
March 2009-June 2011
Caltronics Business Systems
Once of the nation's largest independent copier dealer selling high speed copiers and document management
solutions.
TERRITORY MANAGER
• Business to business experience with C level management. Gathered business door to door,
through numerous networking groups and organizations, and maintained a current database
to keep track of territory activity and be one step ahead of competition.
• Structured, self developed, and in field training of all company's products from copiers,
service, and document management software. This extensive knowledge enabled me to be
a readily accessible point of contact should there be any trouble with equipment
• Lead prospect through the consultative sales cycle from initial appointment to build trust and
rapport, information assessment to find their pains and needs, demo of products, proposal,
and closing.

CONFIDENTIAL - SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER
CONFIDENTIAL PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION

INSYS-MDL-004648885

Delivered Results
• Successfully solicited, negotiated and closed a major contract for a large retail chain placing
services in over 100 stores totaling over $1.5 million in sales
• Rookie of the Year 2010
• Fast track promotion from Junior Representative within 3 months

Zurich North America
October 2007-October 2008
UNDERWRITING ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
• Provided support to underwriters and supervisors of three business units.
• Responsible for keeping records of paid time off for the entire northwest region.
• Executed a wide range of duties including travel arrangements, caitering and set up for
meetings, paying invoices, filing, and in charge of exporting files offsite.
May 2006 to August 2007
Sperry Van Ness- Sacramento, CA
COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE AGENT
• Continuously monitor market conditions in order to maintain a database which includes all
properties that are currently listed, sold, or taken off the market. This database consists of
property profiles which include photographs, vacancy rates, property management contacts,
and rent rolls.
• Acquiring new business contacts through socializing and networking at functions such as
investment and broker forums, Real Source presentations, attending award ceremonies such
as Broker of the Year, fundraisers, and participating in meetings with Association of
Commercial Real Estate.
• Coordinated and participated in bimonthly team meetings. Planning included employee
scheduling coordination, meeting topics and agenda, and menu items to be served.
Responsible for presenting an analysis of recent market activity, and be able to interpret data
to accurately predict future trends.
Harlows/Momo Lounge- Sacramento, CA
October 2002-November 2005
BARTENDER, COCKTAIL WAITRESS, FOOD SERVER, HOSTESS,
• Responsible for the setup and breakdown of dinner and catered events. Duties included
lighting, table setup and decoration, food presentation, and service.
• Responsible for high volume sales while maintaining a clean environment.
• Analyzed VIP bottle service procedures and recommended and implemented changes which
made service faster, more efficient, and more profitable.
• Organized the company new years decoration parties. Duties included notifying employees
and confirming attendance, picking up pre-ordered supplies, and supplying lunch.
• Chosen to train all new employees after one year with the company
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, May 2007
California State University, Sacramento CA
Concentration in Human Resource Management, and minor in Finance.
Honors: Dean's List 2007
COURSES TAKEN INCLUDED:
Strategic Management
Presentational Speaking
Data Analysis for Managers
Conflict Management and Negotiations
Business Finance
Business Law
Money and Banking
Advanced Micro and Macro Economics
•

ACTIVITIES
Weekly volunteer for Sacramento Crisis Nursery. Volunteered as a child mentor for Helping
Hands of Sacramento 2003-2004, and served as a child advocate 2007-2008. Volunteered for

CONFIDENTIAL - SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER
CONFIDENTIAL PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION

INSYS-MDL-004648886

•

•

community events such as the Susan G Komann Race for the Cure, Juneteenth, Bridge to
Bridge Marathon, and Earth Day.
Hobbies include running in local races such as Run to Feed the Hungry, Race for the Cure,
and Heartbeat Run. Hobbies also include kayaking, indoor rock climbing, snowboarding,
wakeboarding, and yoga.
Sacramento State Intramural Volleyball Champions 2004

Excellent Personal and professional references are available upon your request

CONFIDENTIAL - SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER
CONFIDENTIAL PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION

INSYS-MDL-004648887

